CUMULUS-2478: Add documentation for bucket map (#7)
nasa/cumulus-distribution-api: content/bucketmap.md

## Bucket Map

> The Cumulus Distribution API supports bucket map, and you can get bucket map paths for a given bucket.

Reviewer: Should we include a sentence or two about what a "bucket map" actually is and how it's used? It might be OK to assume the reader already knows, not sure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cumulus Distribution API supports an S3 bucket map. The `/locate` endpoint fetches bucket map paths for a given bucket.
```
Just a suggestion.

```
GET /locate
```
### Query Parameters

| query string parameter | description |
| -----  | ----------- |
| `bucket_name={string}`  | The s3 bucket name |

#### Example Request
```curl
$ curl https://example.com/locate?bucket_name={bucket}
```

#### Example Response
```json

> ["bucketpath1", "bucketpath2"]

Reviewer: Would this be an absolute path like `s3://cumulus-protected/some_file.xml`? Maybe updating the example with something similar to an actual response would be helpful.
